HOOMA AI KNOWLEDGE BASE - COMPLETE BUSINESS INFORMATION

SECTION 1: BUSINESS FOUNDATION

The company name is Hooma, H O O M A, and we are providing AI business solutions and B to B growth systems. We're helping businesses on every scale from medium to small companies implement intelligent AI solutions that can help them generate more leads, qualify more leads, help them with marketing, help them with business decisions, strategies, and everything like that. Some specific problems that our business solves for our customers is lack in qualified leads, lack in objective analysis of their business or their competitors. It can help them with volume in terms of not having to hire as much people or if they have people, they can direct those people to other tasks, more important tasks rather than having someone important spending two hours every day on something repetitive, something that an AI can do. I believe these problems are important because technology advances and day by day we see headlines that make you feel FOMO. And no matter if you like it or not, times change and markets change. People change. And if you're not able to catch up, your business will eventually die, basically. So timing here, it's very important. In five years, there will be companies that implemented AI in their operations and companies that don't exist anymore. We started this company at the beginning of 2025, we saw how rapid the AI space is moving and we were using these technologies for a while before we started our business, and we saw the potential they have with helping business owners in their business. We started this basically to give everybody an edge in the market and to help businesses that either do not have time or do not have the resources in terms of people to do the things that they need to be successful. Our mission statement is providing value and building long lasting relationships. We prefer to work not on a one off project. We prefer to have long lasting relationships with the people that we're working with and develop together a great business. We believe in value first, we believe in people first, even though we are a technology company, we believe that as technology evolves more and more authenticity is going to be something that really matters for everyone, and being human in general. One of our biggest core values is we provide a no brainer guarantee, meaning that if we are not providing the solution that we are saying we're going to implement, you are not paying. And we believe strongly in providing value first for you, for free, because that way we put our money where our mouth is. And we believe strongly that as long as we have your best interest in mind, everybody's gonna win. We are located in Romania. However, we recently expanded globally and we have targets from Europe and from the United States.

SECTION 2: TARGET MARKET

Our ideal customer is what we call a rockstar client meaning that they understand the importance of moving with speed and the importance of working with somebody that is an expert in what they're doing rather than trying to do it by themselves. Our ideal customer is someone who's willing to invest in their business, and someone willing to invest in the future. Someone willing to not be left behind by others and even though it can be overwhelming, how fast the world is moving, we need to adapt or we're not going to be relevant. In terms of specifics, any customer located anywhere in the world, we can help them. We specialize in working with medium sized companies, small to medium, and we work especially with companies that sell to other businesses, so B2B businesses, industries like marketing agencies, equipment agencies, lawyers, e-commerce brands, e-commerce stores. Our typical customer usually invests an amount of $1,500 to $5,000 for a project, and then we typically have a quarterly retainer where we are ongoing AI business advisors, where we provide the company strategic AI solutions and implementations, and we're constantly updating the business on the latest AI updates, the latest AI News. In terms of needs and goals, our typical customer does not have the time or the bandwidth to understand AI as well as building their business at the same time. It's hard to stay on top of what's happening in the world, especially how fast things are moving. And we're there to support them and understand their goals, understand where they want to go. We like to work with companies that are focusing on growth and are working out of abundance, and they're not scared to invest in the business and in the future. As far as industries or sectors, we work with marketing agencies, equipment agencies, HR agencies, e-commerce brands, e-commerce stores, lawyers. We've worked with hotels. Basically, anybody who can benefit from a growth system, especially from a data-focused standpoint. We don't work with customers that are not willing to invest. We don't work with businesses who are not willing to invest, who have a scarcity mindset, who do not understand how important AI is and how important it's going to be in the future.

SECTION 3: PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

We sell AI business solutions and AI growth systems. We focus mainly on AI workflows using no code, low code, or high code custom solutions. That's part of the implementation phase. However, we are also doing trainings on AI and AI tools and we're also doing strategic implementation meetings. Let's begin with training. Trainings can be one on one or with the whole team where we teach the business how AI works, how to properly use it, when and how to use it, when to trust it and when to not trust it, how to know when it's hallucinating, and basically how to work with it on a day to day basis. In terms of strategic implementation, we can have multiple meetings in person or online over the course of a couple weeks, where we understand exactly your bottlenecks, we understand exactly where your company can benefit or when it loses time, when it loses money, how to improve stuff, basically we're doing a whole audit. And then, after we have a good idea of what the issues are, we can then start to implement specific workflows and AI agents that can help your business. That can consist of building an AI agent that automatically produces invoices or an AI agent that automatically writes contracts, for example, sends emails to prospects, sends email to customers. We can build custom dashboards using AI where you have a good understanding of how your business is doing. We can provide an AI personalized email outreach system where we use AI to research a company before we do the outreach. We can use AI to do objective analysis of your business or your competitor's business. We can use AI for marketing to automate your marketing systems to post on social media, on every social media platform, to do outreach on those platforms, email marketing campaigns, cold emails, WhatsApp marketing. We believe that every business is different and we especially work with custom solutions, where we get to know each other, we develop and we build a relationship. And from there, we discuss the pricing and how that can be worked on. In terms of our retainers, we can have special packages or levels, where we are your business AI advisors, you get to have a discount rather than hiring us for a one-time call, or a one time solution. Each service that we provide or product that we provide or workflow, we provide a 100% money back guarantee. If we do not deliver what we're gonna say we deliver. We like to put numbers on what we do, for example, we can promise you that we're gonna deliver you 20 qualified leads per month or an X amount of dollars per month. That way we can quantify our solution and what's the ROI on our solution. There are specific upsells with our retainers, especially where if we find out about a specific bottleneck that your business has, we can work on it and implement it right away, so that your business can benefit from it. Usually, our service consists firstly on a discovery call, where we discover your business, we get to know each other. This is a totally free call where we understand your pain points and what your needs are. After that, we analyze and we try to identify what we can personally start on. Usually, it will be a small project or a small training, where we try to bring you up to speed on AI needs and capabilities. If our clients are more understanding of how AI works and what it does, it will be easier for us and for them to come up with solutions for their business, because that's the most important thing. We're trying to put money into our client's pockets by implementing these solutions. So if you also know what you want, it's going to be faster and easier for all of us to implement that. After that, after we do our trainings, we can move on to strategic calls or multiple strategic calls, and then we can implement specific workflows for you and for your business. In terms of tools, we like to work with whatever our clients are already using, if they want to stay on a specific tool, that's the beautiful thing about AI is that you can build custom specific solutions for anybody without having to pay a specific platform and stay within that platform. In terms of tools, we work with the major tools out there. AI tools like OpenAI, Claude, Perplexity. We use Airtable, we use ClickUp, mi.com, Notion. We also use Lovable, Cursor. We've worked with Discord, we work with WhatsApp. We've automated social media posting on platforms like Instagram, YouTube, TikTok, Facebook, LinkedIn. We're working with email. We're working with every major invoicing tool. We work with PandaDoc for generating contracts.

SECTION 4: COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE

Our main competitors are the old solutions that the customers, our prospects actually may still be using. Our competitors can be an old way of thinking also, and of course, our competitors can be any AI agency that is trying to do what we're doing. However, given the fact that this space is still new, and we put a lot of effort into building a human relationship, we believe that we are unique in that sense. Our key advantages are knowing how to work with people. Our vast experience in sales and marketing and customer satisfaction. Given the fact that the founders of Hooma have worked in a lot of different industries and we specialize in building valuable relationships with our clients. We believe that relationships are the best way to move forward and move fast in the 21st century. Our results and outcomes that we want to implement for you is basically putting more money in your pocket. That's what we're trying to do and making your business more successful.

SECTION 5: PRICING AND BUSINESS MODEL

Our pricing structure is usually on a project-based fee and then if we are a good match and we should be because we started to work together in the first place, we offer quarterly retainers, where you have first access to our team of experts for your workflows, for continuous business AI advisory, and for strategic calls. We offer a free consultation, a free discovery call to get to know each other and to understand your business. Our typical price range goes from $1,500 to $10,000 depending on the project. We offer payment plans where you can pay in two or three installments, depending on the total project fee. The factors that influence our pricing: the project scope, how many tools we have to integrate, how difficult the solution is to implement, how much training is going to involve for the team, for our client. Additional costs our customers should be aware of consists of the tools that we need to integrate and work with. However, that will be discussed during the initial project scoping.

SECTION 6: SALES PROCESS AND CUSTOMER JOURNEY

Customers typically find us through online channels by visiting our website or we actually offer a referral program for every client that we're working with, again, to develop that human relationship because we believe that every lead that comes through word of mouth is more valuable than anything else. Our sales process begins with our first Discovery Call, where we introduce ourselves, we get to know each other and understand your business, we then going to do an assessment internally. We are then going to discuss what we think the best path will be for us moving forward. If we are building a workflow for you, we are going to have a meeting where we discuss the implementation phase, what is going to take, how long it's going to take, what tools we are going to use etc. A typical sales cycle lasts between one to three weeks. We are going to need from you the exact business model that you're using and we're going to need specific numbers in terms of money and time that you spend on specific things, how many people you have, how many employees you have, what your goals are, what you're trying to achieve, what do you think your biggest bottlenecks are? What do you think your biggest pain points are? We are going to need specific numbers from you and from your business. Our typical onboarding process begins by us signing the contract and then we're going to have a dedicated Slack channel where we keep you updated on our project and how it's going. We're gonna have a dedicated schedule where you have first access to us and our team and we promise to respond within 15 minutes in that time frame. We're gonna have scheduled calls every week where we discuss the latest news, the latest updates depending on our program, depending on our project and stuff like that. For a project to complete, it may take a couple of weeks and it may take at least 60 to 90 days to see a real result. The first 30 days will be spent on training. So that will be the most important thing actually to make sure that we're using the tool accordingly. If we communicate online, our ongoing communication can consist of Slack channels, specific Slack channels, specific Zoom meetings and first access email.

SECTION 7: COMMON QUESTIONS AND OBJECTIONS

The top 10 most frequently asked questions that we get from prospects will be how much this will cost, how long this will take, how can AI help me? Are you different than any other agency out there? Is it possible what I'm trying to achieve? How do I work with AI? What is AI? Can AI help me? Some of the concerns or objections that we've seen with customers can be budget issues or sensitive data issues in terms of making sure that sensitive information is not going to be used to train the AI models. We're trying to address price objections by explaining to our prospect exactly what the ROI typically is going to be - at least a 3x ROI investment. We are trying to make it as easy as we can in terms of having our installment plans. Some of the common misconceptions people have about the AI industry is they do not understand it, so they're not paying attention to it. However, this is the biggest mistake that they can do. They think that AI cannot help them and stuff like that. Sometimes people ask questions about timelines and delivery. We explain them by presenting them with a phasing plan, which is usually over the course of a couple of weeks where we explain each week what the deliverable would be by the end of that week and the final delivery. In terms of results, we guarantee a 100% money back system where we are going to give a full refund on any project that is not going to do what we're saying it's going to do.

SECTION 8: PROCESS AND DELIVERY

A typical project timeline would be a couple of weeks for an implementation phase. Trainings can be a couple of hours and strategy implementation calls can also be 5 to 10 different calls, depending on the scope of the business over the course of a couple of weeks. To get started, we need from our customers specific numbers and specific issues that they're facing. We need them to understand their business very well. We like our customers to be involved with us during this whole process. We are going to update them regularly on any updates on their implementation. In terms of communication, again, we're going to have a dedicated Slack channel and regular update meetings where we discuss everything.

SECTION 9: RESULTS

Customers typically see results in 60 to 90 days. They see more leads in their sales pipeline. They see an increase in volume in their marketing capabilities. They see an increase in outreach, they see an increase in understanding their business better and understanding how to solve the issues faster. They see a better analysis of their business, a more objective analysis. They see more information about their business in a faster timeline, as they never seen before and they usually see that in dollar amounts at the end of the year. Some success stories and case studies will be shared on our special page or our website. We measure success for our customers when they see more money being generated by our systems. A typical ROI will be 3 to 5x.

SECTION 10: TEAM AND COMPANY

Our team has three co-founders, which are listed on the website. Their names are Ovidiu, Cosmin, and Alexandra. These are the co-founders that came up with the idea of building this business, and then we're working with experienced developers and different sales representatives or marketing teams, where we are a small but efficient team. Our customers are going to be mainly in touch with Ovidiu, the product director and also Cosmin, the sales director. Our company culture is driven, a high impact business. We believe in relationships that are so important. We believe in humans and we also believe in speed and success. Our capacity is somewhat limited, given the fact that we are building custom solutions for our clients. We typically handle three to five businesses per week. We also work with contractors and we have strategic partners that we partner up with depending on the project that we are going to do.

SECTION 11: INDUSTRY AND TRENDS

We are seeing in our industry a trend moving so fast and people are so overwhelmed with what's happening and what's the real solution behind their problem. There's a lot of noise, not only in this industry, but there's a lot of noise in general on social media and online and people don't know what to believe. Especially this industry is moving so fast and we've seen that in the last couple of years. We see that every day with the hundreds of billions of dollars being invested in AI technology and machine learning. And that by itself gives us the idea of how important this is. Some of the challenges that the industry is facing is lack of credibility, lack of understanding by the consumer what AI really means and how we can help, lack of... I would say the biggest issue actually is fear, that AI will take over and AI will take over everyone's jobs and everybody will be unemployed, but that's not true. There have been multiple phases in history, like the Industrial Revolution or the internet where people have come up with incredible solutions that have made our lifestyle so much easier, and AI is just one of those things. Like with the other revolutions, it's not like people suddenly got out of work and out of jobs. What's going to happen is that we are going to find something more valuable for our brains to do rather than doing repetitive, unimportant stuff. That's how we see the AI space and the industry. We need to replace the repetitive work that we're doing with more important, more... the job that a human can do, basically, that a computer cannot do. A computer is never going to think like a human, a computer is never going to have emotions like a human, which we think are actually some of the strongest advantages of us. So that's why we think humans are always going to be on top of any AI or any computer.

SECTION 12: CONTACT

If someone is interested in working with us, they should book their free discovery call to discuss about their business. The best way for prospects to get in touch is via email or via our website. We respond as fast as possible to inquiries. We usually book the discovery call within one week. Some basic information that someone should have when they are contacting us is their name, their business name, their email address, a short list of their pain points, how much revenue they're getting, how much revenue they're having per year, how many employees they have, their industry.
